Update the how-to-use article (#10069)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/how-to-use-docs.md

Welcome to the PowerShell online documentation. This site contains cmdlet reference for the
following versions of PowerShell:

- PowerShell 7.4 (preview)
- PowerShell 7.3
- PowerShell 7.2 (LTS-current)
- PowerShell 5.1

## Navigating the documentation

![Screenshot showing the various elements of the web page.][02]

The web page contains multiple elements that help you navigate the documentation.

- **Site level navigation** - The site level navigation appears at the top of the page. It contains
  links to other content on the Microsoft Learn platform.
- **Related content navigation** - The related content bar is immediately below the site level
  navigation. It contains links to content related to the current docuemntation set, which is
  PowerShell in this case.

> - **Version selector** - The version selector appears about the Table of Contents (TOC) controls
>   which version of the cmdlet reference appears in the TOC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Version selector** - The version selector appears above the Table of Contents (TOC) and
  controls which version of the cmdlet reference appears in the TOC.
```
